AUTOPSY ROOM 3
Fang Over Fang!
Ma, above you!
I know!
He used the corpse as a shield.
I figured as much.
The reports were right.
Physical attacks seem to be his weakness!
Then we, the Inuzuka clan,
couldn't have asked for a better opponent!
Ma, let's put him away in one stroke!
Hold it, Kiba!
He is one of the six who brought down Lord Jiraiya.
We're going to be cautious, yet bold.
I expect you to fill in for Hana who has gone to protect the puppies!
R-Right!
Shino, we’re going to exterminate her with our full power.
Yes.
TEA HOUSE TEA HOUSE I'm so hungry!
Let's rest a bit. We’re all tired from the mission.
What's the matter, Guy Sensei?
Have you noticed large numbers of birds
have been flying away from the direction of the village?
As though they were fleeing.
I also have this bad feeling…
We should head straight for the village.
What?!
Let's go, everyone!
Aw geez!
Behind you!
Six piercings in the nose, seven in the ear… It’s him.
You’re…
It's been a long time, Lady Tsunade.
You are the last remaining of the Legendary Sannin.
I wish to take a moment to speak with you.
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here — unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, we run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Pain to the World
Kiba! We'll go with that technique!
Yeah… I know!
Let's do it, Akamaru!
Dynamic Marking!
You won't get away!
I have control of the situation.
I will take care of these two.
Got it, thanks!
As long as you have Akamaru’s marking,
there’s no place for you to escape!
This isn't Pain.
Because her characteristics differ from what we’ve been informed about.
Stay alert.
Of course. I won't let my guard down for anyone.
Paper Clones…
No matter how many clones there are,
our beetles will devour them all!
This smell…
Get away, Shino!
The Paper Clones were armed with Paper Bombs from the start.
The real one was already saturated with water.
She used her weakness to gain an advantage.
This one is strong.
You are that boy…
…from long ago.
It seems you remember me.
You know him?
A little…
Who is he?
A god who restores order.
It seems he's not in his right mind.
Naruto Uzumaki… Where is the Nine-Tails?
Who knows…?
The hunt for the Jinchuriki is about over.
The Tailed Beasts are no longer equalizers
in maintaining the power balance between the ninja villages.
It's meaningless to protect the Nine-Tails now.
So your target is Naruto, after all?
The war will begin very soon.
Seeds of war exist everywhere, ready to explode.
And we shall control those wars.
If you cooperate with us, we would not be averse to helping you.
From the state of this village…
You should know what we are capable of.
Don’t underestimate the Five Kages!
You terrorists seek to destroy the peace
our predecessors strived to bring and maintain!
Your words fall on deaf ears!
Such arrogance!
Such chakra…
This is the power of the Rinnegan?
I've never seen anything like it.
I have a bad feeling…
Your peace has brought violence upon us.
I will admit that
some of the past actions of the Hidden Leaf were not just.
But your actions here are unforgivable!
Be careful of what you say.
This is your final warning from a god.
Tell me where Naruto is.
Speak!
We will pour every ounce of power we have into bringing you down!
That is all I have to say!
One other thing… You have made a huge error!
What you desire, you shall never get!
If you think the Hidden Leaf has what it takes to protect Naruto, then…
Wrong!
Naruto…is strong.
HIDDEN LEAF CIPHER DIVISION
There are six Pains.
Each one can only use one type of jutsu.
That woman used Summoning Jutsu.
That means the Pain killed by Lord Jiraiya was resurrected in a different body.
And there’s no mistake…
that woman was transported to Hidden Rain’s tower as a corpse.
Did that woman's corpse have this imbedded in her?
No… I'm sure she didn't.
This proves that Lord Fukasaku was right.
Pain has the power to bring the dead back to life.
Furthermore, he is able to substitute bodies as often as he wants,
and controls them by planting these black chakra receivers.
Then those six Pains are…
It's possible all of them are actually dead bodies.
And if they have receivers, they must also have transmitters.
So someone is in the shadows,
sending chakra signals and manipulating them.
Yes.
The coded message left behind by Lord Jiraiya,
"The real one's not among them…”
Perhaps it meant that none of the six Pains is the real Pain.
What?! You mean there are still others out there?!
Exactly.
I did anticipate that possibility…
But as the worst-case scenario, I really didn’t want it to be true.
And that someone possesses considerable chakra.
They are able to control this many bodies remotely, this freely,
using just their chakra.
It's similar to our, the Yamanaka clan’s, Mind Transfer Jutsu.
But normally you can only manipulate one person with chakra.
There are six Pains.
Does this mean there are six others in the shadows?
We don't know that.
In any case, if this is a Mind Transfer Jutsu,
he has to be pretty close to the receiver in order to transmit chakra.
Otherwise, it would be impossible to pull off that magnitude of jutsu and attacks.
He must be hidden somewhere close to the Leaf Village.
We need to notify Lady Tsunade immediately,
and organize a search party to find the hidden Pain.
What?!
How did we not notice him?!
Do not make a move…
or this woman will die.
Damn it!
Mount Myoboku…
The same jutsu that Father uses!
But he was able to search her mind in seconds without any device?!
It seems Naruto is not here.
Mount Myoboku.
What?!
They retreated?
What's going on?
Mount Myoboku… That is the hidden village of the toads.
Well then, lingering here is useless.
How did you know?
Why you…
Lady Tsunade…
We should let them retreat and in the meantime, fortify the village.
May I ask you one last question?
That chakra in your legs…
Was it to counter my jutsu?
It seems you've realized my ability.
However, all is meaningless before overwhelming power.
You great nations proved that over the years.
You all think that you have the leading roles in this world,
and do not think twice about death.
Soothed by peace, you become shallow.
If you kill people, you shall be killed.
Hatred brings about this cause and effect.
Quit babbling such nonsense.
In battle, both sides suffer death, injury, and pain.
And we of the Great Nations have had our share of pain!
Stop finding excuses for your actions!
That is laughable.
Lady Shizune!
Feel pain.
Contemplate pain.
Accept pain. Know pain!
Wait, Pain!
He’s still planning something?
One who does not know pain cannot possibly understand true peace!
Bad news! Lord Fukasaku!
What is wrong?
Big brother Kosuke, our messenger, has been killed.
What?!
His name…
AMACHAN GAMASPEED GAMAKOSUKE vanished from the register.
AMACHAN    GAMASPEED
Does that mean something has happened to the Leaf Village?
What?!
Naruto-boy, I have a bad feeling.
Geezer Sage…
Don't tell me the Akatsuki attacked the village!
Luckily, Ma went to gather provisions and is near the Leaf Village.
She will be capable of summoning strong warriors, including us.
Get ready now!
Right!
LEAF HOSPITAL
Damn it…
I won’t get to all of them like this!
Lady Shizune!
What?!
What's going on?
I’m going to use that jutsu.
What?
They seem to have retreated.
Yes… But it doesn't make sense.
Lady Shizune…
Their scents are completely gone.
They’re not around here.
I guess my power scared them off!
Leave it to Ma… Just like that time with Pa.
What does this mean?
It’s hard to think they would just retreat.
Pain…
One who does not know pain cannot possibly understand true peace!
They intend to do something…
Something?
I don't know. But it's something huge!
I'm counting on you!
Make sure Ma gets the message!
Yes, sir!
Katsuyu! Protect everyone!
Lady Tsunade!
Something terrible is about to happen!
What is keeping Naruto?
I must get word to her immediately.
That's coming from the Leaf Village.
Oh my goodness…
Lady Shima!
I came through the distance teleporting pool.
I have a message from Lord Fukasaku.
To summon them, eh?
Pain! What do you intend to do?!
You can't! That jutsu will shorten your life!
The power of the six is…
You’re really going to do this, aren’t you, Nagato?
I will never forget Yahiko's pain.
And now…
This world shall know pain.
Summoning Jutsu!
Almighty Push…
Wh-What is this?
How could this hap—
Naruto… Hurry…
Please, Naruto!
There’s no need for the Leaf’s Hokage to bother herself
with the likes of them.
You just sit back and sip some tea, Granny.
I’ll take over from here.
Tell everyone in the village to stay out of the way.
It’ll be difficult to fight while trying to cover for them.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: “Explosion! Sage Mode”
Let’s settle this!
Tune in again!